There's Pluto and the other Pluto, okay?
You can do this with grid cells and
you can do this with animation,
with CSS animation, okay?
So what you're gonna do here in
this particular code pen challenge,
you are gonna, I've given you a beginning
code pen and I've given you two images,
I've given you Pluto and
I've given you Pluto squared, okay?
So what I would like for you to do,
is to put the two images on top of
each other and then we can use CSS
animation to fade the top image,
which is probably the one
with Pluto on it, the dog.
You can fade it in and out in order
to make it appear and disappear.
Feel free to Google, okay?
For how you might make an edit,
it's a very simple animation,
make one image appear and disappear, okay?
I'll just show you
the closing code pen here.
But this is what you're gonna
try to achieve with two images,
Grid, and CSS animation, okay?
All right, well, let's go through
how we might make this magic happen.
So, here's the ending code pen here.
And what I've got here in the ending code
pen, it's pretty simple, I just have a div
with a class of Pluto, and then I have my
two images, Pluto 1 and Pluto 2, okay?
And then in my CSS,
we have our Pluto display grid,
one column, one row, yeah?
And then the first child and the last
child, both of those images, we want them
displaying in exactly the same place, grid
column of 1, 2, and a grid row of 1, 2.
We want them to display exactly
together on top of each other.
And then for the last child, what we're
going to do is an animation thing.
So you can look up the CSS Animation
course here at Frontend masters, but
this is a really simple one.
So, the animation property
takes a named animation,
I guess, that key frames thing there,
I've just said,
go from the opacity of
0 to the opacity of 1.
You can make these key frame animations
much more complicated than that,
and include timing and all the rest of it.
I just went with the super simple,
and I gave it the name of pluto-Fade.
So then you call pluto-Fade inside of the
animation property, which is shorthand for
a whole bunch of different
animation properties.
So we've called the key frames for
pluto-Fade, we said,
make it happen over three seconds.
Why?
Because that's what looked good to me.
We want it to go on infinitely,
never stop, and we want it to alternate.
So in other words, we want the image to
fade in, then we want it to fade out,
then we want it to fade in.
Otherwise what will happen is, it'll jump
back to the beginning and it'll look very,
very choppy.
So by going in and out like this,
alternating, you wind up with that
smooth animation of the Pluto the dog
animating in over Pluto the moon.
By the way, I can't take credit for
any of this, when they took the pictures
of Pluto back, I think it was 2017,
this meme went around on the internet,
which I of course saved because
I thought it was hilarious.
And it occurred to me that this would be
just a fun little animation thrown in
here for this course.
So that's how it happened
to come into being.